Quickstart Application (#195)
Azure/azure-kusto-java: README.md

This is the Microsoft Azure Kusto client library which allows communication with Kusto to bring data in (ingest) and query information already stored in the database.
This library contains 3 different modules:

> - data: The main client that allows interaction with Kusto, including creating a connection, issuing (control) commands and querying data.

Reviewer: nit: Be consistent about use of period at the end of a bullet

- ingest: Provides an easy way to bring data into Kusto

> - quickstart: Self-contained, configurable, runnable sample app, for easily getting started wth the SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- quickstart: Self-contained, configurable and runnable sample app for easily getting started with the SDK.
```
